I welcome my guests
madeline palmar and juan rodríguez ex
correspondent and former cameraman of the
co- responsibility of globovision in
You can also find them
jesus gonzález and jesus pirela also ex
correspondent and former cameraman of the
same correspondents are live from
maracaibo via skype good colleagues
welcome good night
the first thing we want to say to you
well thank you because we were able to get the
light a video that
practically all Venezuela expected
because several or a large part of what is
the community knew that we had
this video at the beginning of the program and
Well, you're already seeing porsche today
when when you at your work
journalist let you know the chain
who had this good material happen
many things but tell a little what
was what finally happened and why
even if they were fired and others
renouncing therefore this material should
have interested editorially the
chain or what happened
madeline juan if you can explain me a
little bit
well we are the technical team that was
fired from the case of Jesus and my
person we renounce before a
series of events that were unleashed
just that Thursday the 27th when that
event occurs at approximately 3 o'clock
the afternoon of this Thursday 27 in the
Maracaibo municipality creates a great
confrontation between what are unique
armed groups against national guard and
the inhabitants of residence for the jma
immediately
goes to the residential complex
to do what are the shots in train
of globovision we have a
internal communication process always
we communicate where we are going when
we move when we get to the site the
situation that is being lived in the
movement we even upload photos in
those reports so that it is also
posted on the channel's website and
can be updated the information of
way and
while this one is in the place of the
events
that day all that
procedure by Jesus who
made several announcements
immediately this also communicated
they received an immediate response a
monkey copied an understanding that
obviously it gives us as
reporters the indication that those
Information is passing your stay
in receiving therefore over clean
In addition, those emails indicated that
we had a team in regeneration at
soul in the place and that previously
we had not been able to interest
by the circumstances of the
confrontation that was waving
there of the situation that happened in
paraguay we got to arrive for we have
a team here and we want to know how to understand
that we were going to have the images that
we could transmit them well not but yes
to be able to transmit because there was no greater
interest there were no majors there was no greater
interest then now here is a
question are we going to do concrete if what
I do like the international audience
I could have been watching the guard
Bolivarian national and I'm watching
superimpose the video please and I'm
watching civilians without shirt
some with their faces covered this is not
the case this is the entry of a
authority with young people but good
This is the video I'm talking about
and good we see civilians but for you
they could be collective because of where
you draw that these civilians are
groups that are not defined or nothing
more like civilians that accompany the
Bolivarian National Guard
the way of acting fernando here in
venezuela the collective difference in a
group that carries a common purpose that
identify among them good either by
the activity that they are going to carry out
some are armed groups others not
they are but it is the way they
they arrived left directly to enter
violently the residence had
passed as previous day in residences
the cují and wall of residence resort
had also taken place in
ether towers and saladillo era is a series
in an operandi that was happening in
every residential point that showed
some kind of resistance like you
says here in venezuela before what they are
the different manifestations that
they were holding here in
residence for lyman but it was pretty
numerous besides
they came in other opportunities and
Then came the agencies of
however , all of them
they arrived directly throwing stones
they came at once also saying
in some other way the custodian or of
some other way also put
what would Madeline be and how much is there
have to pause to go back and I'm going
to leave a question on the table as
I usually do it
the question I leave on the table is the
next because necessarily think
that are collective and not only
civilians in collaboration with the guard
Bolivarian national what implications
have this so that our
international agency pause
He came back with madeline palmar and juan
Rodriguez are accompanying us and
also with his fellow Jesus
gonzález and jesus pirela I'm going to make a
pause but as always your comments
through social networks please
without doing virtual company there has the
page on facebook facebook.com diagonal
conclusions nn facebook.com diagonal
conclusions